Speaking about saving time
through deep searching
another powerful trick is to look
at the structure of the problem and
see if we can decompose it to
several independent problems.
>> For example, Tasmania is independent
of the rest of the Australia problem.
We can solve it separately.
>> Which takes a level
off our search tree.
In general, suppose we have
a problem with 80 binary variables.
We can divide it into 4
problems of 20 variables.
We go from a search space of 2 to
the 80th to 4 times 2 to the 20th.
>> Even better, if we have
a CSP where there are no loops,
we can solve the problem in OND
squared time instead of OD to the N.
>> How?
>> We pick any variable to be the root
of the tree and choose an ordering of
the variable such that each variable
appeared after its parent in the tree.
We then start at the end and
make each parent arc consistent,
going up the tree until
we get to the top.
>> What if that is not possible?
>> Then we report
failure of the problem.
>> Okay.
What's next?
>> It's simple.
We start at the top of the tree and
pick any assignment available.
Going back down the tree
until we get to the end.
Since the trees aren't consistent any
of the available assignments will solve
the problem.
>> How fast is this process?
O of ND squared where N is
the number of variables again and
D is the size of the domain.
>> So this trick really helps out
with the speed of finding a solution.
But what if the constrain
graph really isn't a tree?
>> Well, sometimes you condition
a problem by assigning value to some
variables and
change the constrain graph into a tree.
>> Like with our Australia
coloring example.
If we assign a value to South Australia
first and remove that value from
the possibilities of its neighbors,
then the problem becomes a tree and
we can use our fast method
to solve the problem.
>> Precisely.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6